---
layout: post
title: "Nature: Its duality that has been obscured, and Why?"
categories: misc
---

When we think of the word nature, we fancy the beauty of it, hills, oceans, animals. And that’s how we have been told to think about it. We neglect its duality. And even if we know and understand its duality, we try to hide it from ourselves. It’s like saying, “Yeah, I know the nature is terrible, but I don’t want to see it's terrible side”.

This video of <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Werner_Herzog" target="_blank">Werner Herzog</a>, is simply good,

<div align="center">
  
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/ze9-ARjL-ZA" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen="allowfullscreen"> </iframe>
  
</div>

<br>

> We have to get acquainted with this idea that there is no real harmony, as we have conceived it, but when I say this, I say this all full of admiration for the jungle, it is not that I hate it, I love it, I love it very much, but I love it against my better judgment.

  
Jungle, yes it has its dreadful side, but it’s worse than we can think of, the continuous thought of getting killed or the thought of getting starved to death, just tells a lot. 

Why was the other side of the duality hidden from us? We have been shown the “beautiful” stars, the moon, stuffed carnivores animals, as they are some kind of cute little creatures. They filmed movies for kids to hide the dreadfulness. Why? Is it politically related? On the other hand, a newborn giraffe is being kicked by its own mother to show the newborn the terrible side of the nature.

Why is there such kind of duality to it? Why is it not perfect? To answer this I kind of lean towards the answer of the Slovenian philosopher Slavoj Žižek, where he says precisely that he thinks God didn’t finish the creation of the world. And I think this kind of thought arises when you have really thought about it. When you go too close to reality, you see all these disgusting, excessive life, and then when you get even closer, than you simply see holes, that shows that the world or universe is simply not completed.
